Oh beautiful diets turning into I know
I've said that but I say the game feels
just stressed out on that it's just
fucking awesome man
you know I put up status up in the face
II like a week ago you know a bit of a
depressing 1 i'm not a depressive dude i
just put it up and I'm like how do you
fucking pages live man is no adrenaline
every day is the fucking same shit man
you know and a couple of months you just
look a little more like we survived its
dregs and don't ride motorbikes I was
like Dave an event I'm like yeah but
you're alive you're breathing but are
you living are you experiencing life but
are you just surviving you know it's
everyone's gotta have something that
just gets enough you know when they're
not get enough I'm saying like oh you
need something just fucking tix your
bosses might like and this does it for
me man you know it took me a little
later find it man like I haven't been I
used to write dead bucks when I was
growing up but I stopped riding for like
I don't know about 10 years or something
and I discovered it again
and I loved it moving it up
I mean not all of your little white
hubby's and splits and shit has to be
dangerous as well as it gets she just I
even for it like mad when you haven't
had it you know
oh my god just I can't stress that
enough it's just flipping the lesson
will say one thing though rotting after
the crash right a lot of people say get
back on the horse as quick as you can
I couldn't agree more really really do
that the longer you sit there thinking
about the crash replaying it over in
your head what you didn't run what you
could have done the work she'll be man
some shit I mean yeah reflect on it
learn from it did me yeah I think I
might have been wrong man on these two
I'm not the prototype back love to ask
him you know right
that's probably less where I was done
with that I'm just saying like put back
on it reflect on you the crash and what
you could have done but don't do well on
it you know just put it down to shut up
and strong learn from it and move on
I will sell there since i'm going to
show you this year our theme and it's
nemo area
since the crash man you know and the
whole repair process it's like
I don't know I'm looking a little bit
differently man I guess I'll have a bit
more respect for box in general now
because of the plaster repair but also
because the time it takes to rip our
sorry you know I guess
it's just it really just messes with
your shit when you have a crash that's
no easy right side it's not like I
damage your bike tell the money get it
in pick it up next week it's just not
like that at all maybe if you live right
next to a pacifier or something but
really not like that for me anyway out
on this island let's pick a little
island of Australia yes the check this
joint out I'm heading up
I core of the summit but it's not a
different name I don't know what it is
wait look fugly we're gonna go up in
there it's really high dude when I have
my scooter I had my sister on the back
and we wrote up this hill it was just
massive my kitties it's a massive hill
and the scooter was just dying but I
have two zig zag on the road just so I
could go up the hill because going
straight that the scooter would just
stop Heidi we go man first clearing so
we might not be in it nah gonna be an
offici brought us up here
ye o Brosnahan
man this your statement I'm going to
steep for suburbia right like went on a
mountain
he's a doggie better slow down in case
it yeah I had a feeling that was gonna
just throw it across the road
hopeful Renison
alright so at the top now there's a few
driveway he's going on this and lost
houses up there right all right let's
turn around check out this view all
right so we got fog that way folk that
way now you're looking into the Sun
shafts lot to abide with your boy sweet
she look feeling all right check it
procurement you can't see much not can't
see much at all the glucose is down that
way I'd only you can see that from here
either mountains in the way you can I
know you can i'm pretty sure yeah you
can see the ocean from here it's a long
way off though hey Wow dillons bat
breaks are a lot better than my never
work yastas boy I could totally I can
totally just put a bit of pressure and I
start my brakes man I'd have to stand on
them just stop here Wow Hank that's some
shit all right hook it up
crazy foggy morning but alright it's
gonna be a sweet day all right I'm gonna
go home and have some breakfast and I'm
going over right later see you guys